In this lesson we are going to talk about work activity affinity diagram or simply call affinity diagram.
Now you might have seen a lot of user expense designers pasting different sticky notes on their walls
are there.
They are filled with different sticky notes.
These is actually what they are doing.
They are making an affinity diagram.
So actually why do we use this technique or why do we use affinity diagram.
Because when we interview our users and our stakeholders we have different data collected that is in
a raw format that doesn't make sense.
So we are going to create different sticky notes and we are going to write what we found out.
For example the features user have or things like that and we're going to sort them out into different
sections.
So we are going to make different connections between them.
Common themes that these things are related to sign up or these things are legit to check out.
So we are going to use sticky notes and grouped them to show what we can improve and then we are going
to map out our whole data intersections okay.
Now the steps to create w w e d red or Volk affinity diagram.
Affinity diagram.
So first thing you are going to do is write your findings on sticky notes that is obvious.
So write them into short sentences or maybe three or four words or five words or six words and you are
going to paste them on a whiteboard and you are going to start creating groups.
So for example I found that I have like 10 sticky notes that are going to belong to log in screen or
log in options I'm going to paste them over there.
So don't worry if you find something else later on you can move that sticky note to another section.
So we are going to build some common themes between them.
We are going to create groups and even subgroups that this is going to be logging.
And this is going to be into social logging.
So these social logging is actually a subgroup in the logging section similarly we are at the end.
We are going to give points and trading to most important ideas for example a user might say that I
want to have an e-commerce website that can deliver me products within one hour.
So it is often almost impossible right now.
So we are not going to you know give attention to these kind of user requests or user findings.
We are going to give them zero points.
So the most important ones which you really think that they are going to solve is users problem.
We are going to give them points so these points are given by your whole team.
There might be CEO in your team there might be marketing managers there might be developers.
There might be a designers of all the people who have interviewed the users.
So once you have gone into the user interview try to bring your team members like your developers and
your managers or CEOs of your product so they can also see what are the pain points of your users.
So in this giving points and ratings for most important ideas will be depending on the user interview
team you got when you interviewed the users because the people who haven't seen the users actually in
being they are not going to you know pay attention to the real pain points.
So this is how you are going to arrange your group your ideas I am going to show you my w 80 diagram.
Now I'm going to show you my work of activity affinity diagram from my far my far from land project
so you can see there.
These are different groups.
Top is actually yellow.
You can use different colors.
You can use sticky n but I have use something else I'm using balsamic mockups to create this so you
can see we have different sections we interviewed for logging create new account security concerns buying
decisions product information pricing ideas ordering and returns order checkout returning items menus
and navigation.
So this is actually this data is based on just two users so you can see how much Ted how we can get
if we interview three to five users there will be tons of different sticky notes right now you can see
I have a like I think I have around like Help Line landing page search bar menus or navigation.
So I have like 10 to 12 categories and then I have like five to six sticky notes into each category.
So this is like hundred of sticky n for just two users so you can see how much data you can collect.
So from this data you can see we have things like I like for example you can see if we have this log
in what actually happened is my user actually had no email address or she doesn't remember email address
for a lot of university students in our country most of them don't use email regularly they have Facebook
accounts they have phone numbers but they don't use e-mails.
So once they go to the logon screen there was you know a reluctant to you know even log in or sign up
with an email so you can see here are a few things I found during user interview user don't understand
words sign up.
So this is very very specific to our area.
So in Asia or in Pakistan or India users might be able to you know get more information or easier it
is it will be easier for them to create account if we have read and create new accounts rather than
sign up because sign and sign up they don't understand the difference.
Most of them create new account use should be used for sign up and this is a suggestion help video or
help line would be visible because actually my user one of my user actually tried to you know contact
with the help line to help her create new account.
So this is you know these are the things I noted down then we have security concerns I asked few questions
about 30 security concerns and they wanted to have a password I thought that in my assumptions I thought
that password is not necessary they might log in just with their phone numbers but they said that we
want a password for security reasons then the trust issues were that they want to have some thing like
24/7 help line and things like return policy Shawn.
So these are the things that should be visible product information you can see product title available
stock options to select color size fabric images and description and reviews.
So these are the things we need in our product or these are the things that make them buy this.
So I also got some pricing ideas that what I showed some frog images the different dresses of little
girls and showed them that what could be the price of these frocks.
So will you be able to pay how much you would pay to buy this kind of from.
So they were around 20 dollars to thirty five dollars so it is like they are eager to be in my Pakistani
currency.
They were eager to pay like 3000 to 5000 rupees.
And when I asked them for the budget they said I my budget is a maximum to the thousand.
So you should you should also ask them what is the budget OK so for example a college girl they might
not have a budget of like 30 dollars they might want to buy something and you know within their range
then we have our check out.
This is we need to figure out we have to you know investigate more users for the checkout process.
Stunning item you can see she had a lot of bad experience earlier with other Web sites.
Here we can improve our Web site menus and navigation.
I asked them to you know show me different dresses.
I brought these.
Actually I did a card sorting exercise.
I write some of the terms like fancy dress princess dress but before casual or cotton frocks.
So actually Barbie frock was found in the users had they were they were not recognizing princess dress
actually diva using term Barbie frog to search for princess dress.
So that is why I have listed over here.
User didn't recognize hamburger menu.
You can see this is very alarming for me because most of the designers like me they think that user
can easily you know recognize hamburger menu use it also keep on calling my navigation navigation board
options.
So this is you know it was very strange for me and in the search bar user tried to use color keywords
like Red Frog or white dress or things like that.
They also search for bullfrogs.
So these are the things we are going to use for in our product.
For example if I'm listing my products I'm going to use tags to enlist my products.
And these tags will represent or it will make the users much easier.
Like I never thought that there would be Barbie frocks or Barbie dresses.
I just thought that there would be just princess dresses.
Also on a landing page or our main page user always look for discounted or sale items so they were looking
for sale keyword on the whole page and they didn't find it.
And you know they thought that they would first go to the sale page or discounted discounts page rather
than going to explore other areas.
So you can see this is actually real data from my user interview and you can see how much data we can
collect if we just interview three to five users.
I have just interviewed one or two users and you can see this is the data so I hope you have enjoyed
this lesson about how I created my work of activity affinity diagram.
And from this diagram we are going to create more diagrams and more features and things more specifications
for our product.
Let's move on to the next lesson and you can download this affinity diagram from our resources section
and from this lesson I hope you enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.